Undergrad Committee Meeting Notes

Fri Jan 28 16:45:03 EST 2022

Present (zoom): Jim Plank (chair), Garrett Rose, Leon Tolbert, Jian Liu, Nicole McFarlane and Scott Ruoti.

Items discussed:

1. Petitions.  After going through a round of petitions, we discussed
   whether we believe undergraduate committee participation in
   petitions is appropriate.  For the next round, we would prefer
   that the superadvisors handle the petitions, and if a faculty vote
   is needed, that they lead the voting effort.  If modifications to
   the catalog are needed, then the undergraduate committee will lead
   that effort (as always).

2. Fire Protection classes.  As the catalog is currently written, the
   Fire Protection classes (ECE 563, 564, 567 and 575) can count for
   undergraduates.  Since these classes have nothing to do with EE,
   CE or CS, we should change the catalog to prohibit our majors from
   counting these courses.  They have no prereqs....

3. VolCore seems to be on track.  Nothing formal has happened, but
   the feedback that everyone had leads us to believe that all will
   be ok.
